programs/alternatives/single/add_copy.s costs/add-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/add add
programs/alternatives/single/sub.s costs/sub-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/sub sub
programs/alternatives/single/sll.s costs/sll-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/sll sll
programs/alternatives/single/slt.s costs/slt-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/slt slt
programs/alternatives/single/sltu.s costs/sltu-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/sltu sltu
programs/alternatives/single/xor.s costs/xor-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/xor xor
programs/alternatives/single/srl.s costs/srl-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/srl srl
programs/alternatives/single/sra.s costs/sra-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/sra sra
programs/alternatives/single/or.s costs/or-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/or or
programs/alternatives/single/and.s costs/and-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/and and
programs/alternatives/single/addi.s costs/addi-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/addi addi
programs/alternatives/single/slti.s costs/slti-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/slti slti
programs/alternatives/single/sltiu.s costs/sltiu-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/sltiu sltiu
programs/alternatives/single/xori.s costs/xori-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/xori xori
programs/alternatives/single/ori.s costs/ori-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/ori ori
programs/alternatives/single/andi.s costs/andi-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/andi andi
programs/alternatives/single/slli_double.s costs/slli-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/slli slli
programs/alternatives/single/srli.s costs/srli-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/srli srli
programs/alternatives/single/srai.s costs/srai-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/srai srai
programs/alternatives/single/lui.s costs/lui-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/lui lui
programs/alternatives/single/auipc.s costs/auipc-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/auipc auipc
programs/alternatives/single/mul.s costs/mul-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/mul mul
programs/alternatives/single/mulh.s costs/mulh-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/mulh mulh
programs/alternatives/single/mulhsu.s costs/mulhsu-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/mulhsu mulhsu
programs/alternatives/single/mulhu.s costs/mulhu-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/mulhu mulhu
programs/alternatives/single/div.s costs/div-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/div div
programs/alternatives/single/divu.s costs/divu-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/divu divu
programs/alternatives/single/rem.s costs/rem-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/rem rem
programs/alternatives/single/remu.s costs/remu-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/remu remu
programs/alternatives/double/mul_by_5.s costs/shift-add-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/mul_by_5 mul_by_5
programs/alternatives/double/negate.s costs/xor-addi-expensive.rkt alternatives-all/negate negate
